Team: Smarties
Memebers: Aaron Chuang, Amy Lin, Daniel Brim, Katerina Zorko, Seung (Brian) Kim
Assignment: Homework #3

In developing our mockups with the wireframe, we made some design changes, in particular because the wireframes were for a phone application, and we are developing a web application.  For one, we did not feel the necessity for a home/starter page (page 2 of the wireframe) for our web application, as it would be very empty, impractical, and cause the user to have to input an extra click to see content.  For the home page (where all your habits are listed), we also removed the circles on the top right row for each habit (what we understand was to represent frequency?).  All of our group members felt that this was a very unintuitive way of representing frequency of the habit (in particular with the way we have frequency set), so we instead listed the desired frequency in text to make it as clear to the user as possible.  Also, on the same habit listing page, the wireframe design has a slide/swipe left functionality to see the "edit" and "delete" buttons for a given habit.  While suitable for a mobile application, swiping left isn't nearly as intuitive on a website as it is on a phone application, so we changed the "swipe left" feature for a simple dropdown button on the top right of each habit box, which contains both the links to edit and delete a given habit.  We also made slight modifications to the logic on the edit/add habit page from the wireframe.  Instead of having the user select specific days of the week for a habit and number of times per day, we changed it to a different type of frequency chooser, where we allowed the users to select a number of times (1 - 6) and over what period of time (day, week, month, year).  Since this application is not a calendar application, we felt that habits are something that may be performed on various days in different weeks or months, so we felt the frequency selector in the wireframes didn't quite provide the correct functionality for a habit tracking application.

We have no issues with validation.

The basic workflow of our mockup is to start at the page "index.html".  From there, you can navigate through the site as normal.  Although, there are a few things to note.  The "login" and "register" buttons in the nav bar are not functional.  We understand that when we develop a complete web application, having a sign in system will be necessary, so we added the buttons in the nav bar; however, they have not been implemented yet, so the buttons do not link anywhere.  By default, the "Workout" habit has already been added to start.  The add button is only functional on the home page with one habit.  As a result, the add button on the home page with 2 habits is not functional and does not link anywhere.  Also, when you add a habit using the add button and add page, you can only add the "Spend Less $$$" habit.  The green checkmark button (success button) and the red X button (failure button) only work for the "Workout" habit.  Also, the "delete" functionality only works for the "Spend Less $$$" habit; you cannot delete the "Workout" habit.  The "edit" button links to edit pages for either habit you choose, but actually updating the habit using the edit page is not functional.  Also, on the edit and add habit pages, the button to upload an icon is not functional either.